Scripts (#1)
belighted/ubuntu-belighted: README.md

## Before Starting

* Download the Ubuntu 22.04 ISO from [Ubuntu's website](https://ubuntu.com/download/desktop/thank-you?version=22.04.1&architecture=amd64);

> * Flash the downloaded ISO to a USB stick. There are multiple ways of doing that. I like to use [balenaEtcher](https://www.balena.io/etcher/);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Flash the downloaded ISO to a USB stick. There are multiple ways of doing that. For example, you could use [balenaEtcher](https://www.balena.io/etcher/);
```

* Boot your computer from the flashed USB stick and follow Ubuntu's installer;
* Once this is all done, reboot and log in to your new operating system;
* That's it! You can now follow the instruction in the [Getting Started](#Getting-Started) section;

## Getting Started

> Open a terminal and run the following command :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open a terminal and run the following command:
```

```bash
wget https://github.com/belighted/ubuntu-belighted/raw/main/install.sh -O /home/$(whoami)/Downloads/install.sh && chmod +x /home/$(whoami)/Downloads/install.sh && bash /home/$(whoami)/Downloads/install.sh
```

This will :
* update your system;
* install the git package on your computer;
* clone this repository to the ~/.scripts folder on your computer;

> Before starting anything else, you need to set your environment variables. Run the following commands :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before starting anything else, you need to set your environment variables. Run the following commands:
```

```bash
cd ~/.scripts/ubuntu-belighted
nano .env
```

> This will open [nano](https://www.nano-editor.org/) within your terminal. Paste the following lines and make sure to edit the variable values to match your own credential and preferences !

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will open [nano](https://www.nano-editor.org/) within your terminal. Paste the following lines and make sure to edit the variable values to match your own credential and preferences!
```
